Build on top of cuda and tensorflow containers (#3)
alan-turing-institute/CuCalc: README.md

# CuCalc = CUDA + CoCalc Docker container

> CoCalc rebased ontop of tensorflow and cuda.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CoCalc rebased on top of tensorflow and CUDA.
```

This repository contains a recipe to make a CoCalc container image that adds
CUDA support and the following machine learning applications

- Keras
- PyTorch
- Tensorflow
- Theano

## Dependencies
- sed (*should* work with either GNU or BSD)
- [Nvidia Docker](https://docs.nvidia.com/datacenter/cloud-native/container-toolkit/install-guide.html)

## Building

> Clone this repository *and* the cocalc-docker subrepository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clone this repository *and* the `cocalc-docker` repository
```

Author: I will change 'subrepository' to 'submodule' but I want to avoid saying repository as specifically cocalc is a submodule fixed at a particular commit hash. I don't want to confuse this with cloning `cocalc-docker` at master.

Author: fixed in 925e34a5a90a770c3f0b71c535f6850b26bac310

```
$ git clone https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/CuCalc --recurse-submodules
```

Build the container image

```
$ make build
```

CoCalc downloads and installs a large set of packages. As a result building the
container may take approximately an hour to finish.

Run the set of tests in `tests` with

```
$ make test
```

## Developing

> This repository contains a Git hook to build and add a `Dockerfile` upon each

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository contains a Git hook to update the `Dockerfile` upon each
```
